January 7, 2013
###############
:date: 2013-01-30
:author: Leah
:slug: board-meeting-minutes2013-01-30


Participating

Leah Silen, Fernando Perez, Emmanuelle Gouillart, Andy R. Terrel,
Anthony Scopatz, Jarrod Millman, Ralf Gommers, Prabhu Ramachandran.

Not attending
 Travis Oliphant,

Treasurer’s Report
------------------

Tax filing situation: for 2012 we’ll need to do some paperwork related to
to taxes.  Anthony proposes contacting someone who can help with this;
he will inquire about the cost.  Leah mentions that NumFOCUS has joined
a non-profit support organization that could also provide information on
this matter.  Both Anthony and Leah will follow up with their contacts
to find out how to best proceed.

Approval of Prior Minutes
-------------------------

The minutes from the previous meeting have been accepted.

Old Business
------------

Approval of the appraisal of the domain was recorded, Leah will now take
care of having the appraisal done.

**Teams:**

Fernando will finish up the team organization document, some teams were
merged from the previous organization.

Brochure: Emmanuelle asks for the sources for the brochure document so
she can translate it to French.  Leah will put the source file on the
shared folder so others can edit it as well and for Emanuelle to
translate.

Emanuelle just created a Twitter account for NumFOCUS; Andy asks about
password management, to which Jarrod proposes setting up a KeePassX
shared password file, which Jarrod will set up for everyone.

New Business
------------

a. Discussion of adding Didrik Pinte to the Board as an official representative
from Enthought.  Fernando proposed to table the discussion until next meeting
to give Travis a chance to express his opinion, as he had mentioned by email
some thoughts on this but is not present today.  Ralf noted that the bylaws may
need amending for even/odd and more than 9 board members.   Leah indicated this
can be done by simple vote during a board meeting.

b. Christoph Deil’s suggestion on a Mac for continuous integration.  The team
led by Jarrod and Ralf will work with Christoph to get the details of his
proposal and will work with him further.

c. Sloan Foundation: how it could help NumFOCUS.  Leah has had some brief email
exchanges already with Josh Greenberg, and will follow up further the
discussion with Jarrod and Andy who will take point on this item.

Action Items:
-------------

- KeePassX/dropbox - jarrod

- Leah: set up emails going to info@numfocus so they go to everyone.

- Christoph Deil >> pointed to Jarrod and Ralf

- Sloan follow-up - Jarrod/Andy >> Fernando can help

- Leah will follow-up w/ Sloan and introduce Jarrod and Andy
