February 4, 2013
################
:date: 2013-02-04
:author: Leah
:slug: board-meeting-minutes2013-02-04


Participating
-------------

Leah Silen, Travis Oliphant, Anthony Scopatz, Ralf Gommers, Fernando
Perez, Andy R. Terrel, Perry Greenfield, Jarrod Millman

Not attending
 Prabhu Ramachandran, Emmanuelle Gouillart

Approval of prior minutes
-------------------------

Prior minutes have been approved.

Old Business
------------

Boot Camp for Women in Science and Engineering
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
This is a Software Carpentry workshop, requesting $6,000.  This is a worthy
endeavor but beyond our ability to fund at that level.  We’d be happy to
contribute partially towards this goal (up to $1500) and help them with the
rest of the fundraising.  We will advertise this on the website

Update on Christoph Deil’s Mac
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Mac will be hosted in the US, will be bought by Anthony from Apple and Leah
will ship it to the hosting company.  Once it’s up and running it will be
announced on the list.

Update on increasing board size
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Nothing to report, Jarrod will follow-up this week?  No new activity on this,
Jarrod will report back on that.

PyGotham
~~~~~~~~
Community site run by Gloria W., essentially a NYC PyCon.  Upon further
communication with her, it became clear that she had in mind a fair amount of
engagement which might go beyond the resources that Numfocus currently has.

Anthony and Fernando express that it’s important to have a memo of
understanding, stating that the conference is nonprofit and that NumFOCUS
supports it with the idea of promoting STEM in Python. Should be checked that
there are no tax-related issues with handling this money.

Result of numpy.com / numpy.org appraisal
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
John Turner donated these two domains, he’s getting this appraisal notice so
he can claim a tax deduction.  numpy.com: reported as worth $5850, the .org is
still pending.

Follow up by Andy with Sloan Foundation program directors
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Andy wanted to know exactly what he should discuss with Sloan F. to avoid
bombarding them with too many things in parallel.  Andy asked about clarifying
how the budget would work for the technical fellowships.  After a fair amount
of back and forth on clarifying the intent of the TF idea, Jarrod, Andy and
Ralf planned to work further on making this more precise.  Andy mentioned the
NSF Computing Innovation Fellows program (`http://cifellow.org/`_) (no longer
active) as well as Google Summer of Code
(`https://developers.google.com/open-source/soc/`_) as two ideas that we can
use to frame the discussion.

The Sloan is also interested in citation/impact reporting, at SciPy’12 there
was discussion about citation infrastructure for software.  The alt-metrics
community has done a lot of work on this, it might be useful to interface with
them.  Andy mentions that the NSF just put out a Dear Colleague letter asking
about how to measure the impact of software, perhaps Numfocus could provide a
reply to that.

Team Reports
------------

Membership
~~~~~~~~~~
Nothing to report, but Perry plans to start meetings to discuss soon.

Fundraising
~~~~~~~~~~~
Conversations with industry starting.   Financial Industry interested in
Technical Fellowships.

Publicity/Promotion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Nothing to report

Grants/Fellowships
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Nothing to report

Finance
~~~~~~~
Nothing to report


New Business
------------

Approved minutes are now on the website under "Board"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

NumFOCUS and SciPy 2013 conference
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Andy  and Anthony are heavily involved with the organization of this year’s
SciPy conference, they will try to involve others from the board on this
effort.

NumPy release management (Ondrej Certik, ...)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Andy  and Anthony are heavily involved with the organization of this year’s
Ondrej is moving on to a postdoc position at Los Alamos.  He may be
able to do a bit more release management in the future, but it would be
ideal if the money came via NumFocus, since up until now it has been
done directly as Continuum.  Once that transition is done, Ondrej would
report directly to Numfocus.  Ralf points out that a discussion about
the future of release management for numpy, and whether the numpy
community would be happy with Ondrej continuing to work in this capacity
via Numfocus.

PyData SV 
~~~~~~~~~
Leah mentioned that Fernando will be a keynote speaker Andy  and Anthony are
heavily involved with the organization of this year’s there and that Anthony
will run a tutorial on PyTables.  There’s also going to be a PyCon Booth,
Jarrod can’t make it but Andy will let us know soon if he can.  Fernando will
go to the NumFocus booth a little.


Miriam Sierig
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The check for Miriam Sierig cleared and now all donations go directly to her on
the website.  The final amount collected by NumFocus, between the creation of
the Fund on August 29 2012 and Dec 31 2012 was $91,500.

.. _`http://cifellow.org/`: http://cifellow.org/
.. _`https://developers.google.com/open-source/soc/`: https://developers.google.com/open-source/soc/
