Minutes - April 1, 2013
#######################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-04-01.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-04-01.html


Participating
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Andy R. Terrel, Ralf Gommers, Fernando Perez, Didrik Pinte, Anthony
Scopatz, Leah Silen, Travis Oliphant

Not attending

Jarrod Millman, Emmanuelle Gouillart,  Perry Greenfield

Treasurer’s Report
------------------

SciPy’13 has been officially sponsored, funds for this were disbursed
($2500).  This gives Numfocus a silver sponsor level (2 passes, booth,
name on website).  Once the corresponding details for EuroScipy are
clear, the same will be done.

Old Business

a.  Mac Mini - Is this ready to be publicized on the site?

Ralf reports that Christoph hasn’t replied much to his queries.  The
site is up and a NumPy CI engine is set up, but he’s waiting for
responses from Christoph.  Anthony suggests asking the list for help so
that someone can support Christoph.

b.  Fundraising for Boot Camp for Women in Science and Engineering

Work is ongoing with a funder to secure the majority of the cost.  More
follow-up is needed.

c. Sponsorship of SciPy and passes

Our donations are earmarked for student support, we get two
session/tutorial passes at the silver sponsor level (see Treasurer’s
report for details).

d.  SciPy domains ready to transfer

Travis checked that all domains have been transferred.  We will wait for
the person working on SciPy central before pointing the domains over to
a new site.

Team Reports
~~~~~~~~~~~~

**Membership:** we are considering opening up the membership model to
one where the basic level is free for anyone to join, and the
paying/participating membership levels have some benefits as well.  We
will draft some language on this topic in the coming weeks.

**Fundraising:** Ralf and Andy proposed updating the language on the
Technical Fellowship to: “Purpose (new formulation): The purpose of the
NumFOCUS Technology Fellowship Program is to enable high-potential
graduate students and early career professionals to work full-time on
cutting-edge scientific open source software.”

“Target areas: infrastructure for SciPy eco-system, accessible and
reproducible computing (& core projects?

Travis likes the intent. Keeping the educational component in mind is
important.

**Publicity/Promotion:** Andy manned the booth at PyCon along with Leah
and Anthony.  Lots of contacts were made, there was good interest and a
number of people came by with the idea of doing “bounties” on specific
topics.  Some people didn’t like the nomination model for membership.
 Talked to the Center for Open Science, a new venture at the University
of Virginia (`http://centerforopenscience.org`_) whose goals are very
well aligned with NumFOCUS.  Anthony also talked to the “Data science
for social good” group in Chicago, which has an explicit education and
open government/open science mission; they have a 10-week summer
fellowship program we can learn from.

“Target areas: infrastructure for SciPy eco-system, accessible and reproducible computing (& core projects?

Travis likes the intent. Keeping the educational component in mind is important.

**Publicity/Promotion** Andy manned the booth at PyCon along with Leah and Anthony.  Lots of contacts were made, there was good interest and a number of people came by with the idea of doing “bounties” on specific topics.  Some people didn’t like the nomination model for membership.  Talked to the Center for Open Science, a new venture at the University of Virginia (http://centerforopenscience.org) whose goals are very well aligned with NumFOCUS.  Anthony also talked to the “Data science for social good” group in Chicago, which has an explicit education and open government/open science mission; they have a 10-week summer fellowship program we can learn from.

**Grants/Fellowships**

**Finance**

New Business
^^^^^^^^^^^^

a.  UQ Foundation update from PyCon

b.  Euro SciPy sponsorship - Participant Sponsor

c.  Disco domain and trademark transfer to NumFOCUS from Nokia, Ville
Tuulos

The Disco authors have left Nokia and would like to have numfocus to
hold that domain as well as their trademark and all other IP associated
with the project.  They are waiting to see our domain transfer form.
 Anthony asked about what legal responsibilities we’d be exposed to in
terms of defending the IP.

d.  Industry funding for IPython - contract issues. Conversation with
Brad Kuhn from the Software Conservancy.  Fernando will set up a
conversation with Brad Kuhn and any board members who are interested in
participating, to clarify some of the legal issues involved. The SWC has
experience with this and Brad offered to provide some information to us.

e.  PyData Vimeo Channel - $150 to $200. The motion for these funds was
approved.

.. _`http://centerforopenscience.org`: http://centerforopenscience.org/
