Feb 4, 2013
###########

:date: 2013-02-04
:participants: Leah Silen, Travis Oliphant, Anthony Scopatz, Ralf Gommers, Fernando Perez, Andy R. Terrel, Perry Greenfield, Jarrod Millman
:absent: Prabhu Ramachandran, Emmanuelle Gouillart

Approval of prior minutes
-------------------------

Prior minutes have been approved.

Old Business
------------
  a Boot Camp for Women in Science and EngineeringThis is a Software Carpentry
  workshop, requesting $6,000.  This is a worthy endeavor but beyond our
  ability to fund at that level.  We’d be happy to contribute partially towards
  this goal (up to $1500) and help them with the rest of the fundraising.  We
  will advertise this on the website
  
  b Update on Christoph Deil’s Mac: Mac will be hosted in the US, will be
  bought by Anthony from Apple and Leah will ship it to the hosting company.
  Once it’s up and running it will be announced on the list.
  
  c Update on increasing board size: Nothing to report, Jarrod will follow-up
  this week?  No new activity on this, Jarrod will report back on that.
  
  d PyGotham: Community site run by Gloria W., essentially a NYC PyCon.  Upon
  further communication with her, it became clear that she had in mind a fair
  amount of engagement which might go beyond the resources that Numfocus
  currently has.  Athony and Fernando express that it’s important to have a
  memo of understanding, stating that the conference is nonprofit and that
  NumFOCUS supports it with the idea of promoting STEM in Python. Should be
  checked that there are no tax-related issues with handling this money.
  
  e Result of numpy.com / numpy.org appraisal:
  John Turner donated these two domains, he’s getting this appraisal notice so he can claim a tax deduction.
  numpy.com: reported as worth $5850, the .org is still pending.
  
  f Follow up by Andy with Sloan Foundation program directors… Andy wanted to
  know exactly what he should discuss with Sloan F. to avoid bombarding them
  with too many things in parallel.  Andy asked about clarifying how the budget
  would work for the technical fellowships.  After a fair amount of back and
  forth on clarifying the intent of the TF idea, Jarrod, Andy and Ralf planned
  to work further on making this more precise.  Andy mentioned the NSF
  Computing Innovation Fellows program (http://cifellow.org/) (no longer
  active) as well as Google Summer of Code
  (https://developers.google.com/open-source/soc/) as two ideas that we can use
  to frame the discussion.
  
  g The Sloan is also interested in citation/impact reporting, at SciPy’12
  there was discussion about citation infrastructure for software.  The
  alt-metrics community has done a lot of work on this, it might be useful to
  interface with them.  Andy mentions that the NSF just put out a Dear
  Colleague letter asking about how to measure the impact of software, perhaps
  Numfocus could provide a reply to that.  Tam Reports
  
  Membership: Nothing to report, but Perry plans to start meetings to discuss
  soon.
  
  Fundraising: Conversations with industry starting.   Financial Industry
  interested in Technical Fellowships.
  
  Publicity/Promotion Grants/Fellowships: Nothing to report
  
  Finance

New Business
------------

  a  Approved minutes are now on the website under “Board”
  
  b  NumFOCUS and SciPy 2013 conference: Andy  and Anthony are heavily involved
  with the organization of this year’s SciPy conference, they will try to
  involve others from the board on this effort.
  
  c  NumPy release management (Ondrej Certik, …): Odrej is moving on to a
  postdoc position at Los Alamos.  He may be able to do a bit more release
  management in the future, but it would be ideal if the money came via
  NumFocus, since up until now it has been done directly as Continuum.  Once
  that transition is done, Ondrej would report directly to Numfocus.  Ralf
  points out that a discussion about the future of release management for
  numpy, and whether the numpy community would be happy with Ondrej continuing
  to work in this capacity via Numfocus.  
  
  d  PyData SV: Leah mentioned that Fernando will be a keynote speaker there
  and that Anthony will run a tutorial on PyTables.  Tere’s also going to be a
  PyCon Booth, Jarrod can’t make it but Andy will let us know soon if he can.
  Fernando will go to the NumFocus booth a little.
  
  e The check for Miriam Sierig cleared and now all donations go directly to
  her on the website.  The final amount collected by NumFocus, between the
  creation of the Fund on August 29 2012 and Dec 31 2012 was $91,500.

