<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<feed xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom"><title>NumFOCUS Foundation</title><link href="http://numfocus.github.io/numfocus.org/" rel="alternate"></link><link href="http://numfocus.github.io/numfocus.org/feeds/board-meetings.atom.xml" rel="self"></link><id>http://numfocus.github.io/numfocus.org/</id><updated>2013-04-15T00:00:00+02:00</updated><entry><title>April 15, 2013</title><link href="http://numfocus.github.io/numfocus.org/board-meeting-minutes2013-04-15s.html" rel="alternate"></link><updated>2013-04-15T00:00:00+02:00</updated><author><name>Leah</name></author><id>tag:numfocus.github.io/numfocus.org,2013-04-15:board-meeting-minutes2013-04-15s.html</id><summary type="html">&lt;div class="section" id="participating"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Participating&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Ralf Gommers, Didrik Pinte, Anthony Scopatz, Leah Silen, Perry
Greenfield, Fernando Perez, Andy Terrel, Travis&amp;nbsp;Oliphant&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Not&amp;nbsp;attending&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Emmanuelle Gouillart, Jarrod&amp;nbsp;Millman&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="treasurers-report"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Treasurer’s&amp;nbsp;Report&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;p&gt;We have until May 15th to file our 990 forms for the &lt;span class="caps"&gt;IRS&lt;/span&gt;. &amp;nbsp;Didrik is
working on the European bank account, it’s moving&amp;nbsp;along.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="old-business"&gt;
&lt;h4&gt;Old&amp;nbsp;Business&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;ol class="loweralpha simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&amp;nbsp;Proceeds from&amp;nbsp;PyData&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ol&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Exact figure isn’t available yet, waiting for final checks from Santa
Clara Convention&amp;nbsp;Center.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ol class="loweralpha simple" start="2"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&amp;nbsp;Boot Camp for Women in Science and&amp;nbsp;Engineering&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ol&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="team-reports"&gt;
&lt;h4&gt;Team&amp;nbsp;Reports&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Fundraising:&lt;/strong&gt; Ralf edited the fellowship&amp;nbsp;document&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Finance:&amp;nbsp;&lt;/strong&gt;Have until May 15th to file 990 form with the &lt;span class="caps"&gt;IRS&lt;/span&gt;.
&amp;nbsp;Didrik will report next call with more concrete details on opening a &lt;span class="caps"&gt;UK&lt;/span&gt;
bank&amp;nbsp;account.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="new-business"&gt;
&lt;h4&gt;New&amp;nbsp;Business&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;p&gt;For next week, take some time to think about what the corporate
sponsorship levels are and what they mean. &amp;nbsp;We need a more solid
business model here. &amp;nbsp;Look at the Van Lindberg email from the&amp;nbsp;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;PSF&lt;/span&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="fiscal-sponsorship"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Fiscal&amp;nbsp;Sponsorship&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Establishment of rules for projects to have formal relationship with&amp;nbsp;NumFOCUS&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Sponsorship is in the public&amp;nbsp;good.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Ping Tony about fiscal&amp;nbsp;council.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</summary></entry><entry><title>April 1, 2013</title><link href="http://numfocus.github.io/numfocus.org/board-meeting-minutes2013-04-01.html" rel="alternate"></link><updated>2013-04-01T00:00:00+02:00</updated><author><name>Leah</name></author><id>tag:numfocus.github.io/numfocus.org,2013-04-01:board-meeting-minutes2013-04-01.html</id><summary type="html">&lt;div class="section" id="participating"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Participating&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Andy R. Terrel, Ralf Gommers, Fernando Perez, Didrik Pinte, Anthony
Scopatz, Leah Silen, Travis&amp;nbsp;Oliphant&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Not&amp;nbsp;attending&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Jarrod Millman, Emmanuelle Gouillart, &amp;nbsp;Perry&amp;nbsp;Greenfield&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="treasurers-report"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Treasurer’s&amp;nbsp;Report&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;p&gt;SciPy’13 has been officially sponsored, funds for this were disbursed
($2500). &amp;nbsp;This gives Numfocus a silver sponsor level (2 passes, booth,
name on website). &amp;nbsp;Once the corresponding details for EuroScipy are
clear, the same will be&amp;nbsp;done.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Old&amp;nbsp;Business&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ol class="loweralpha simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&amp;nbsp;Mac Mini - Is this ready to be publicized on the&amp;nbsp;site?&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ol&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Ralf reports that Christoph hasn’t replied much to his queries. &amp;nbsp;The
site is up and a NumPy &lt;span class="caps"&gt;CI&lt;/span&gt; engine is set up, but he’s waiting for
responses from Christoph. &amp;nbsp;Anthony suggests asking the list for help so
that someone can support&amp;nbsp;Christoph.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ol class="loweralpha simple" start="2"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&amp;nbsp;Fundraising for Boot Camp for Women in Science and&amp;nbsp;Engineering&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ol&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Work is ongoing with a funder to secure the majority of the cost. &amp;nbsp;More
follow-up is&amp;nbsp;needed.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ol class="loweralpha simple" start="3"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Sponsorship of SciPy and&amp;nbsp;passes&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ol&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Our donations are earmarked for student support, we get two
session/tutorial passes at the silver sponsor level (see Treasurer’s
report for&amp;nbsp;details).&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ol class="loweralpha simple" start="4"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&amp;nbsp;SciPy domains ready to&amp;nbsp;transfer&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ol&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Travis checked that all domains have been transferred. &amp;nbsp;We will wait for
the person working on SciPy central before pointing the domains over to
a new&amp;nbsp;site.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="team-reports"&gt;
&lt;h4&gt;Team&amp;nbsp;Reports&lt;/h4&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Membership:&lt;/strong&gt; we are considering opening up the membership model to
one where the basic level is free for anyone to join, and the
paying/participating membership levels have some benefits as well. &amp;nbsp;We
will draft some language on this topic in the coming&amp;nbsp;weeks.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Fundraising:&lt;/strong&gt;&amp;nbsp;Ralf and Andy proposed updating the language on the
Technical Fellowship to: “Purpose (new formulation): The purpose of the
NumFOCUS Technology Fellowship Program is to enable high-potential
graduate students and early career professionals to work full-time on
cutting-edge scientific open source&amp;nbsp;software.”&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;“Target areas: infrastructure for SciPy eco-system, accessible and
reproducible computing (&amp;amp; core&amp;nbsp;projects?&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Travis likes the intent. Keeping the educational component in mind is&amp;nbsp;important.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Publicity/Promotion:&lt;/strong&gt; Andy manned the booth at PyCon along with Leah
and Anthony. &amp;nbsp;Lots of contacts were made, there was good interest and a
number of people came by with the idea of doing “bounties” on specific
topics. &amp;nbsp;Some people didn’t like the nomination model for membership.
&amp;nbsp;Talked to the Center for Open Science, a new venture at the University
of Virginia (&lt;a class="reference external" href="http://centerforopenscience.org/"&gt;http://centerforopenscience.org&lt;/a&gt;) whose goals are very
well aligned with NumFOCUS. &amp;nbsp;Anthony also talked to the “Data science
for social good” group in Chicago, which has an explicit education and
open government/open science mission; they have a 10-week summer
fellowship program we can learn&amp;nbsp;from.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;“Target areas: infrastructure for SciPy eco-system, accessible and reproducible computing (&amp;amp; core&amp;nbsp;projects?&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Travis likes the intent. Keeping the educational component in mind is&amp;nbsp;important.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Publicity/Promotion&lt;/strong&gt; Andy manned the booth at PyCon along with Leah and Anthony.  Lots of contacts were made, there was good interest and a number of people came by with the idea of doing “bounties” on specific topics.  Some people didn’t like the nomination model for membership.  Talked to the Center for Open Science, a new venture at the University of Virginia (&lt;a class="reference external" href="http://centerforopenscience.org"&gt;http://centerforopenscience.org&lt;/a&gt;) whose goals are very well aligned with NumFOCUS.  Anthony also talked to the “Data science for social good” group in Chicago, which has an explicit education and open government/open science mission; they have a 10-week summer fellowship program we can learn&amp;nbsp;from.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Grants/Fellowships&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Finance&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="new-business"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;New&amp;nbsp;Business&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;ol class="loweralpha simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;UQ&lt;/span&gt; Foundation update from&amp;nbsp;PyCon&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&amp;nbsp;Euro SciPy sponsorship - Participant&amp;nbsp;Sponsor&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ol&gt;
&lt;p&gt;c. &amp;nbsp;Disco domain and trademark transfer to NumFOCUS from Nokia, Ville&amp;nbsp;Tuulos&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;The Disco authors have left Nokia and would like to have numfocus to
hold that domain as well as their trademark and all other &lt;span class="caps"&gt;IP&lt;/span&gt; associated
with the project. &amp;nbsp;They are waiting to see our domain transfer form.
&amp;nbsp;Anthony asked about what legal responsibilities we’d be exposed to in
terms of defending the&amp;nbsp;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;IP&lt;/span&gt;.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;d. &amp;nbsp;Industry funding for IPython - contract issues. Conversation with
Brad Kuhn from the Software Conservancy. &amp;nbsp;Fernando will set up a
conversation with Brad Kuhn and any board members who are interested in
participating, to clarify some of the legal issues involved. The &lt;span class="caps"&gt;SWC&lt;/span&gt; has
experience with this and Brad offered to provide some information to&amp;nbsp;us.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;e. &amp;nbsp;PyData Vimeo Channel - $150 to $200. The motion for these funds was&amp;nbsp;approved.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</summary></entry><entry><title>February 4, 2013</title><link href="http://numfocus.github.io/numfocus.org/board-meeting-minutes2013-02-04.html" rel="alternate"></link><updated>2013-02-04T00:00:00+01:00</updated><author><name>Leah</name></author><id>tag:numfocus.github.io/numfocus.org,2013-02-04:board-meeting-minutes2013-02-04.html</id><summary type="html">&lt;div class="section" id="participating"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Participating&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Leah Silen, Travis Oliphant, Anthony Scopatz, Ralf Gommers, Fernando
Perez, Andy R. Terrel, Perry Greenfield, Jarrod&amp;nbsp;Millman&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;dl class="docutils"&gt;
&lt;dt&gt;Not&amp;nbsp;attending&lt;/dt&gt;
&lt;dd&gt;Prabhu Ramachandran, Emmanuelle&amp;nbsp;Gouillart&lt;/dd&gt;
&lt;/dl&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="approval-of-prior-minutes"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Approval of prior&amp;nbsp;minutes&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Prior minutes have been&amp;nbsp;approved.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="old-business"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Old&amp;nbsp;Business&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="boot-camp-for-women-in-science-and-engineering"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Boot Camp for Women in Science and&amp;nbsp;Engineering&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;p&gt;This is a Software Carpentry workshop, requesting $6,000. &amp;nbsp;This is a worthy
endeavor but beyond our ability to fund at that level. &amp;nbsp;We’d be happy to
contribute partially towards this goal (up to $1500) and help them with the
rest of the fundraising. &amp;nbsp;We will advertise this on the&amp;nbsp;website&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="update-on-christoph-deils-mac"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Update on Christoph Deil’s&amp;nbsp;Mac&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Mac will be hosted in the &lt;span class="caps"&gt;US&lt;/span&gt;, will be bought by Anthony from Apple and Leah
will ship it to the hosting company. &amp;nbsp;Once it’s up and running it will be
announced on the&amp;nbsp;list.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="update-on-increasing-board-size"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Update on increasing board&amp;nbsp;size&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Nothing to report, Jarrod will follow-up this week? &amp;nbsp;No new activity on this,
Jarrod will report back on&amp;nbsp;that.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="pygotham"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;PyGotham&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Community site run by Gloria W., essentially a &lt;span class="caps"&gt;NYC&lt;/span&gt; PyCon. &amp;nbsp;Upon further
communication with her, it became clear that she had in mind a fair amount of
engagement which might go beyond the resources that Numfocus currently&amp;nbsp;has.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Anthony and Fernando express that it’s important to have a memo of
understanding, stating that the conference is nonprofit and that NumFOCUS
supports it with the idea of promoting &lt;span class="caps"&gt;STEM&lt;/span&gt; in Python. Should be checked that
there are no tax-related issues with handling this&amp;nbsp;money.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="result-of-numpy-com-numpy-org-appraisal"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Result of numpy.com / numpy.org&amp;nbsp;appraisal&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;p&gt;John Turner donated these two domains, he’s getting this appraisal notice so
he can claim a tax deduction.  numpy.com: reported as worth $5850, the .org is
still&amp;nbsp;pending.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="follow-up-by-andy-with-sloan-foundation-program-directors"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Follow up by Andy with Sloan Foundation program&amp;nbsp;directors&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Andy wanted to know exactly what he should discuss with Sloan F. to avoid
bombarding them with too many things in parallel.  Andy asked about clarifying
how the budget would work for the technical fellowships. &amp;nbsp;After a fair amount
of back and forth on clarifying the intent of the &lt;span class="caps"&gt;TF&lt;/span&gt; idea, Jarrod, Andy and
Ralf planned to work further on making this more precise. &amp;nbsp;Andy mentioned the
&lt;span class="caps"&gt;NSF&lt;/span&gt; Computing Innovation Fellows program (&lt;a class="reference external" href="http://cifellow.org/"&gt;http://cifellow.org/&lt;/a&gt;) (no longer
active) as well as Google Summer of Code
(&lt;a class="reference external" href="https://developers.google.com/open-source/soc/"&gt;https://developers.google.com/open-source/soc/&lt;/a&gt;) as two ideas that we can
use to frame the&amp;nbsp;discussion.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;The Sloan is also interested in citation/impact reporting, at SciPy’12 there
was discussion about citation infrastructure for software. &amp;nbsp;The alt-metrics
community has done a lot of work on this, it might be useful to interface with
them. &amp;nbsp;Andy mentions that the &lt;span class="caps"&gt;NSF&lt;/span&gt; just put out a Dear Colleague letter asking
about how to measure the impact of software, perhaps Numfocus could provide a
reply to&amp;nbsp;that.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="team-reports"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Team&amp;nbsp;Reports&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="membership"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Membership&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Nothing to report, but Perry plans to start meetings to discuss&amp;nbsp;soon.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="fundraising"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Fundraising&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Conversations with industry starting. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Financial Industry interested in
Technical&amp;nbsp;Fellowships.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="publicity-promotion"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Publicity/Promotion&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Nothing to&amp;nbsp;report&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="grants-fellowships"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Grants/Fellowships&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Nothing to&amp;nbsp;report&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="finance"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Finance&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Nothing to&amp;nbsp;report&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="new-business"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;New&amp;nbsp;Business&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="approved-minutes-are-now-on-the-website-under-board"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Approved minutes are now on the website under&amp;nbsp;&amp;#8220;Board&amp;#8221;&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="numfocus-and-scipy-2013-conference"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;NumFOCUS and SciPy 2013&amp;nbsp;conference&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Andy &amp;nbsp;and Anthony are heavily involved with the organization of this year’s
SciPy conference, they will try to involve others from the board on this&amp;nbsp;effort.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="numpy-release-management-ondrej-certik"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;NumPy release management (Ondrej Certik,&amp;nbsp;&amp;#8230;)&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Andy &amp;nbsp;and Anthony are heavily involved with the organization of this year’s
Ondrej is moving on to a postdoc position at Los Alamos. &amp;nbsp;He may be
able to do a bit more release management in the future, but it would be
ideal if the money came via NumFocus, since up until now it has been
done directly as Continuum. &amp;nbsp;Once that transition is done, Ondrej would
report directly to Numfocus. &amp;nbsp;Ralf points out that a discussion about
the future of release management for numpy, and whether the numpy
community would be happy with Ondrej continuing to work in this capacity
via&amp;nbsp;Numfocus.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="pydata-sv"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;PyData&amp;nbsp;&lt;span class="caps"&gt;SV&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Leah mentioned that Fernando will be a keynote speaker Andy &amp;nbsp;and Anthony are
heavily involved with the organization of this year’s there and that Anthony
will run a tutorial on PyTables.  There’s also going to be a PyCon Booth,
Jarrod can’t make it but Andy will let us know soon if he can. &amp;nbsp;Fernando will
go to the NumFocus booth a&amp;nbsp;little.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="miriam-sierig"&gt;
&lt;h3&gt;Miriam&amp;nbsp;Sierig&lt;/h3&gt;
&lt;p&gt;The check for Miriam Sierig cleared and now all donations go directly to her on
the website. &amp;nbsp;The final amount collected by NumFocus, between the creation of
the Fund on August 29 2012 and Dec 31 2012 was&amp;nbsp;$91,500.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</summary></entry><entry><title>January 7, 2013</title><link href="http://numfocus.github.io/numfocus.org/board-meeting-minutes2013-01-30.html" rel="alternate"></link><updated>2013-01-30T00:00:00+01:00</updated><author><name>Leah</name></author><id>tag:numfocus.github.io/numfocus.org,2013-01-30:board-meeting-minutes2013-01-30.html</id><summary type="html">&lt;p&gt;Participating&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Leah Silen, Fernando Perez, Emmanuelle Gouillart, Andy R. Terrel,
Anthony Scopatz, Jarrod Millman, Ralf Gommers, Prabhu&amp;nbsp;Ramachandran.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;dl class="docutils"&gt;
&lt;dt&gt;Not&amp;nbsp;attending&lt;/dt&gt;
&lt;dd&gt;Travis&amp;nbsp;Oliphant,&lt;/dd&gt;
&lt;/dl&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="treasurers-report"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Treasurer’s&amp;nbsp;Report&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Tax filing situation: for 2012 we’ll need to do some paperwork related to
to taxes. &amp;nbsp;Anthony proposes contacting someone who can help with this;
he will inquire about the cost. &amp;nbsp;Leah mentions that NumFOCUS has joined
a non-profit support organization that could also provide information on
this matter. &amp;nbsp;Both Anthony and Leah will follow up with their contacts
to find out how to best&amp;nbsp;proceed.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="approval-of-prior-minutes"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Approval of Prior&amp;nbsp;Minutes&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;The minutes from the previous meeting have been&amp;nbsp;accepted.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="old-business"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Old&amp;nbsp;Business&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Approval of the appraisal of the domain was recorded, Leah will now take
care of having the appraisal&amp;nbsp;done.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;&lt;strong&gt;Teams:&lt;/strong&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Fernando will finish up the team organization document, some teams were
merged from the previous&amp;nbsp;organization.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Brochure: Emmanuelle asks for the sources for the brochure document so
she can translate it to French. &amp;nbsp;Leah will put the source file on the
shared folder so others can edit it as well and for Emanuelle to&amp;nbsp;translate.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Emanuelle just created a Twitter account for NumFOCUS; Andy asks about
password management, to which Jarrod proposes setting up a KeePassX
shared password file, which Jarrod will set up for&amp;nbsp;everyone.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="new-business"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;New&amp;nbsp;Business&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;a.&amp;nbsp;Discussion of adding Didrik Pinte to the Board as an official representative
from Enthought.  Fernando proposed to table the discussion until next meeting
to give Travis a chance to express his opinion, as he had mentioned by email
some thoughts on this but is not present today. &amp;nbsp;Ralf noted that the bylaws may
need amending for even/odd and more than 9 board members.  &amp;nbsp;Leah indicated this
can be done by simple vote during a board&amp;nbsp;meeting.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;b.&amp;nbsp;Christoph Deil’s suggestion on a Mac for continuous integration.  The team
led by Jarrod and Ralf will work with Christoph to get the details of his
proposal and will work with him&amp;nbsp;further.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;c.&amp;nbsp;Sloan Foundation: how it could help NumFOCUS. &amp;nbsp;Leah has had some brief email
exchanges already with Josh Greenberg, and will follow up further the
discussion with Jarrod and Andy who will take point on this&amp;nbsp;item.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="action-items"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Action&amp;nbsp;Items:&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;KeePassX/dropbox -&amp;nbsp;jarrod&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Leah: set up emails going to &lt;a class="reference external" href="mailto:info&amp;#64;numfocus"&gt;info&amp;#64;numfocus&lt;/a&gt; so they go to&amp;nbsp;everyone.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Christoph Deil &amp;gt;&amp;gt; pointed to Jarrod and&amp;nbsp;Ralf&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Sloan follow-up - Jarrod/Andy &amp;gt;&amp;gt; Fernando can&amp;nbsp;help&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Leah will follow-up w/ Sloan and introduce Jarrod and&amp;nbsp;Andy&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</summary></entry><entry><title>January 21, 2013</title><link href="http://numfocus.github.io/numfocus.org/board-meeting-minutes2013-01-21.html" rel="alternate"></link><updated>2013-01-21T00:00:00+01:00</updated><author><name>Leah</name></author><id>tag:numfocus.github.io/numfocus.org,2013-01-21:board-meeting-minutes2013-01-21.html</id><summary type="html">&lt;div class="section" id="participating"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Participating&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Leah Silen, Travis Oliphant, Anthony Scopatz, Ralf Gommers, Jarrod
Millman, Prabhu&amp;nbsp;Ramachandran.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="not-attending"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Not&amp;nbsp;Attending&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Fernando Perez, Emmanuelle Gouillart, Andy R. Terrel, Perry&amp;nbsp;Greenfield&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="approval-of-prior-minutes"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Approval of Prior&amp;nbsp;Minutes&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Minutes look fine, and are&amp;nbsp;approved.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="old-business"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Old&amp;nbsp;Business&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;ol class="loweralpha simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Sloan&amp;nbsp;Foundation&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ol&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Travis mentioned that Sloan may be interested in providing seed funding
for the technical fellowships. &amp;nbsp;The idea being that once it is started,
it will be easier to get additional funding to continue it from
industry. &amp;nbsp;Ralf and Jarrod will contact Sloan to make a small initial
proposal with maybe funding for around 1 mentor and 1-2&amp;nbsp;fellowships.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ol class="loweralpha simple" start="2"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Purchase of a Mac for Christoph&amp;nbsp;Deil&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ol&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Decided to host in a co-location facility. Ralf will follow-up with
Anthony to make this&amp;nbsp;happen.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ol class="loweralpha simple" start="3"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Didrik&amp;nbsp;Pinte&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ol&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Jarrod will take an off-line inventory about whether we should increase
the size of the board, change members, or wait a bit longer before
revisiting the&amp;nbsp;issue.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ol class="loweralpha simple" start="4"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;PyCon&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ol&gt;
&lt;p&gt;We have an &lt;span class="caps"&gt;OSS&lt;/span&gt; sponsor booth and two passes. &amp;nbsp;Jarrod will try to help
man the booth on March 15-17. &amp;nbsp;We will organize a BoF and possibly an
in-person board&amp;nbsp;meeting.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="team-reports"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Team&amp;nbsp;Reports&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Membership&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Fundraising&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Publicity/Promotion&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Grants/Fellowships&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Finance&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ul class="simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;No reports&amp;nbsp;yet.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ul&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="new-business"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;New&amp;nbsp;Business&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;ol class="loweralpha simple"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;Boot Camp for Women in Science and&amp;nbsp;Engineering&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ol&gt;
&lt;p&gt;General interest, so Travis will contact Greg Wilson to get a specific proposal
for the board to&amp;nbsp;consider.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ol class="loweralpha simple" start="2"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;PyGotham –&amp;nbsp;Travis&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ol&gt;
&lt;p&gt;General concern about this not being focused on scientific programming. We
could try to organize a scientific track.  Non-Python scientifically-oriented
conferences may be more interesting than general Python&amp;nbsp;conferences.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;ol class="loweralpha simple" start="3"&gt;
&lt;li&gt;&amp;nbsp;PyData&amp;nbsp;sponsors&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ol&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Travis described that PyData proceeds will go to NumFocus. &amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The PyData
site would like to advertise this&amp;nbsp;fact.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;For informational purposes, Continuum defines proceeds as money earned
from ticket sales and sponsorships beyond fixed costs (venue, website,
food, etc.) plus the travel of Leah and other community conference
organizers and participants (keynotes, speakers, etc.) to the
conference. &amp;nbsp;I need to check on this, but I believe the ticket sale
costs are set up to basically break even with about 2 sponsors and a
full conference. All of this is subject to change as the ability for
Continuum to under-write the conference&amp;nbsp;varies.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;This is just an example. &amp;nbsp;Other companies who under-write conferences
may have different metrics and approaches for determining proceeds. &amp;nbsp;We
should be willing to engage with as many people as possible at this
point. &amp;nbsp;Conferences can be a useful source of revenue for NumFOCUS as
long as they have significant&amp;nbsp;sponsorship.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;Ralf, Jarrod, and Anthony expressed concern that conferences can also
have significant cost and NumFOCUS should be very careful before
agreeing to under-write a conference&amp;nbsp;itself.&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div class="section" id="next-meeting"&gt;
&lt;h2&gt;Next&amp;nbsp;Meeting&lt;/h2&gt;
&lt;blockquote&gt;
February 4, 2013&lt;/blockquote&gt;
&lt;/div&gt;
</summary></entry></feed>